conversion that oil palm plantations is
happening on a massive scale throughout
Indonesia and this is a big problem for
the orangutans and their their habitat
and if it continues at this rate surely
the orangutans will become extinct
the reason the rainforest is being
destroyed today is because we need to
meet we need to produce so much amount
of oil come to commit the oil palm
demand worldwide demand it is being used
for soap shampoo lotion in a few number
chips totality they make fried chicken
always user or hub there are laws but
not specifically for the pump oil but
the law in unison say that no actually
encroachment of a protective force
almost on the peninsula odna demand a
vote on hulu Tommy Jerry Jerry naka de
mensaje para en fin kenapa cannon Satori
arkaen veneta Seto species and relax
llega a casa latina paha Allah upon se
de Souza hallo hallo master rata y cosas
que tes Rita concer posse to tidak akan
drama this is the moment in Al Asad el
abanico Tamara Harrison african /
berangkat osman breakin informasi kitaj
bremner mechanical lives in the
south side luckily we can 6 but then
this looks to be actually continue
and we have to really have resources to
support the project otherwise then you
can assist or wrong time we will keep
trying and we'll never stop we will
never give up so I believe get a report
and we had
you